Update information about Kotlin/Wasm exception catching (#4469)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-js-interop.md

## Exception handling

> Since version 2.0.0, the Kotlin `try-catch` expression can catch JavaScript exceptions via the `JsException` and `Throwable` types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 2.0.0, the Kotlin `try-catch` expression can catch JavaScript exceptions via the `JsException` and `Throwable` types.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for this update. There's [this issue](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-71824/Kotlin-Wasm-documentation-update-for-section-Exceptions-handing) about this update and also says we need to describe how it works now and what options do we have now. Is it something we want to mention now?
